Hi, I'm Taylor Tomlinson. Welcome to After Midnight. Relationships are complicated. That's why Grey's Anatomy has 500 seasons.

A viral video of a woman asking her reluctant husband to make her coffee has the internet pissed. Trigger warning: this video contains footage of a man being really, really annoying.

"Will you make me a coffee?"

"Are you crazy? For real? I'm really about to fall asleep."

"Okay, is this like a back-and-forth thing? There's no exchange. It's a yes or no. You can say no."

"Oh, I know you. I hear it all the time. 'Hey, will you make'—oh, you don't have— we know you know how to say no."

Did he really say, "Is this going to be a back-and-forth thing?" That's the wrong way to ask for a blow, my guy. It's not how it's done. This video kind of feels like a trailer to promote their upcoming divorce, doesn't it? Yeah.

I can't put it any better than the top comment: "Oh girl, he hates your guts." The internet is blunt.

He reacted to this question like one of The Real Housewives. He checked that the camera was on. He's like, "Camera rolling? Okay, time to act like a crazy."

Their exchange has actually started a new trend where women ask their partners to make them a beverage and see how they respond.

"Will you make me a cup of coffee?"

"Yep."

"Will you make me a cup of tea?"

"Yeah."

"Will you make me a coffee?"

"Make you a coffee? Yeah, sure."

Oh, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Did I say trend? I meant test. It's a test. Yeah, yeah, that's just—

Then there's this couple who have fully convinced me that love exists.

"Hey babe, can you make me some tea?"

"What kind of tea?"

"Oong cam—I would like some sleepy time te—"

"Are you going to make it now? I don't think you're in a position to demand things from me. And maybe you are. Here you go. Don't leave it in there for too long 'cause it'll taste bitter."

"Will you take it out for me?"

"What are we talking about?"

This clip got me pregnant. This—this is truly the most erotic exchange I have ever witnessed. All of it. From him saying, "You're not in a position to make demands," to the smash cut of him handing her tea. Do not let BookTok see this. Thank God this is a BookTok crowd.

When her voice lowers and she says, "Will you take it out for me"—if he wasn't holding a laptop, I'd swear this was a scene from Bridgerton.

I mean, husbands all over the internet are passing this trend with flying colors.

"Hey Lee, can you make me a cup of coffee?"

"Sure. Right now?"

"Yeah."

"Yeah, of course. Okay."

Yeah, he needed a few seconds to load, but he got there. This guy was in the middle of creating a new Christmas song and he put his masterpiece aside to make his wife coffee. Yeah, this is why we never get new Christmas songs. This guy is probably the next Mariah Carey, but he loves his wife. So we're stuck with Jingle Bells. Fine.

Of course, it should come as no surprise that the couple that knocked this out of the park was a lesbian couple.

"I just need to work, I don't—okay—I wonder if he's able to come in later—you know, we have another—we have—then I can get it 'cause then I'm just asking for a seat, yeah."

During a phone call, no less. Yeah. I just—like, how is everyone not bi at this point? Between this girlfriend's response time and Chappel Roan's music, if straight women can't leave their dudes by now, there's no saving them.

Now, you may feel like we're overreacting to this guy who wouldn't make his wife coffee. But this is an example of how bleak romance is nowadays. It's bad. It's bad. Chivalry is dying. Napoleon literally fought the British army to get his wife a tea.

The movie Princess Bride is everyone's favorite love story because the girl of his dreams asked him for a Coke Zero and he said, "As you wish." At the end of Titanic, when Rose and Jack are floating in the ocean, Rose is like, "Babe, can you grab me a coffee?" And he's like, "Yeah, is cold brew okay?" And when he can't find one, he dies. That made everyone sad.

Another romantic gesture went viral this week. A girl posted this image with the caption: A guy offered to buy me a drink at the bar and came back with a full cup of pickles to share.

This man—sorry, I'm tearing up—this man brought her pickles to share. We need this on the cover of a romance novel.

Thousands of comments poured in: "That's a husband," "A provider," "God, I see what you've done for others." The female population has not had a consensus this strong on anything since this photo of Billy Crystal's sweater. Oh yeah. Right.

I say we replace flowers with pickles from now on. I want to see brides walking down the aisle holding a jar of pickles. Right? And when she gets to the altar, her partner helps her open the jar. Perfect union.

I know if a man came to me with some surprise pickles for us to share, I would be like: "Will you take it out for me?"

You guys are amazing. Let's start the show. What.